NOTES ON CSS STYLES
-------------------

FILE NAME: index.css - 

Element: body.
    Style: padding 0 and margin 0.
        Purpose: to allow the header to span the full width of the page.
        Reason: I can set the main to have padding, but doing it the other way didn't work (setting padding then specifying 0 in header).
    Style: font-weight 300px.
        Purpose: this is the pt required for "Light" style font.
        Reason: it is still clear and readable when on smaller screens.

Element: header.
    Style: height 90vh.
        Purpose: to create a Hero Header that is almost the full length of the screen (with a bit of main poking out).
        Reason: it looks cool...
    Style: display flex.
        Purpose: doing it as Flexbox maintains its positioning.
        Reason: it looks cool...
    Style: flex direction column.
        Purpose: to align the flexbox items to go downwards.
        Reason: the default has the items go across which looks weird.
    Style: justify content space between.
        Purpose: to make the Navbar be placed at the bottom of the Header.
        Reason: so it can travel with scrolling later.
    
NOTES FROM HEADER TROUBLESHOOTING:
- Removing flexbox in nav bar fixed the centering.

(Nav Bar)
- Text Decoration None must be in the "li a"  section, or they become underlined.
- The padding 30px keeps them nicely spaced apart but isn't responsive and looks bad when smaller.
- Getting rid of padding doesn't get rid of gap in between the nav li elements.
- When changing the padding in the "li a" section, this is alos inherited by the ".active" and "a:hover" sections.
    (I want this!) So how do we get this same narrowness to the Navbar itself?
- I like the padding of 7px T/B and 30px L/R. Setting this in the navUnorderedList does nothing.
- In "li a", when I set 30px instead of 7px 30px, it matches the height of the nav bar, and sets nice width to each li element.
    (when I set 7px 30px, it is much narrower/shorter than nav bar, but a nice narrowness/height).